run/02-nextflow-config/README.md, before:

## README for hello-nextflow-simple

This workflow processes a set of text files, counts the number of lines and words in each file, summarizes these counts per sample, and generates an aggregated summary table.

### Workflow Overview

Given a `samplesheet.txt` listing sample IDs (one per line), and a directory of input text files (one file per sample, named `<sample_id>.txt` in the `data/` directory), the workflow:

1. Counts the number of lines in each sample file.
2. Counts the number of words in each sample file.
3. Combines the line and word counts for each sample into a summary file.
4. Aggregates all sample summaries into a single `aggregate-summary.tsv` table.
5. Summarizes the samples processed using `cowpy`.
6. Provides pipeline info reports (timeline, report, race, and the pipeline dag).

### Flowchart

```mermaid
flowchart TD
    A[Read samplesheet.txt] --> B[COUNT_LINES]
    A --> C[COUNT_WORDS]
    B --> D[COMBINE_COUNTS]
    C --> D
    D --> E[AGGREGATE]
    E --> F[aggregate-summary.tsv]
    E --> G[COWPY_SUMMARY]
    G --> H[cowpy-output.txt]
```

### Installation

You only need [Nextflow](https://www.nextflow.io/) and [Conda](https://docs.conda.io/) (for dependencies).

1. Check that you have Java 17 or higher:

    ```bash
    java -version
    ```

2. Install Nextflow:

    ```bash
    curl -s https://get.nextflow.io | bash
    ```

### Inputs

- **samplesheet.txt**: Plain text file with one sample ID per line.
- **data/**: Directory containing input files named `<sample_id>.txt` for each sample.

Example `samplesheet.txt`:
```
sample1
sample2
```

Example `data/` directory:
```
data/
├── sample1.txt
└── sample2.txt
```

### How to run

Run the workflow with default parameters:

```bash
nextflow run main.nf
```

To specify custom input locations:

```bash
nextflow run main.nf --samplesheet your_samplesheet.txt --input_dir your_data_dir --outdir your_results_dir
```

### Configuration

This pipeline can be run with either `conda` or `singularity`. You must choose one of the following options: To change to `conda` mode, run using the `-profile conda` option. To change to singularity mode, run using the `-profile singularity` option. 

You can enable or disable specific steps using parameters:

```groovy
    run_lines = true
    run_words = true
    run_aggregate = true
```

Or use the provided parameter json files `params-minimal.json` or `params.json`. 

### Outputs

- Per-sample summary files: `results/<sample_id>.summary`
- Aggregated summary table: `results/aggregate-summary.tsv`
- Cowpy output file: `results/cowpy-output.txt`
- Pipeline info reports: `results/pipeline_info/` (timeline, report, trace, dag)

Commit message:

edits for nextflow run
* Included diagrams
* better flow for creating my_config.config
* reverted to make the 04/main.nf take singularity by default

run/02-nextflow-config/README.md, after:

## README for hello-nextflow-simple

This workflow processes a set of text files, counts the number of lines and words in each file, summarizes these counts per sample, and generates an aggregated summary table.

### Workflow Overview

Given a `samplesheet.txt` listing sample IDs (one per line), and a directory of input text files (one file per sample, named `<sample_id>.txt` in the `data/` directory), the workflow:

1. Counts the number of lines in each sample file.
2. Counts the number of words in each sample file.
3. Combines the line and word counts for each sample into a summary file.
4. Aggregates all sample summaries into a single `aggregate-summary.tsv` table.
5. Summarizes the samples processed using `cowpy`.
6. Provides pipeline info reports (timeline, report, race, and the pipeline dag).

### Flowchart

```mermaid
flowchart TD
    A[Read samplesheet.txt] --> B[COUNT_LINES]
    A --> C[COUNT_WORDS]
    B --> D[COMBINE_COUNTS]
    C --> D
    D --> E[AGGREGATE]
    E --> F[aggregate-summary.tsv]
    E --> G[COWPY_SUMMARY]
    G --> H[cowpy-output.txt]
```

### Installation

You only need [Nextflow](https://www.nextflow.io/) and [Conda](https://docs.conda.io/) (for dependencies).

1. Check that you have Java 17 or higher:

    ```bash
    java -version
    ```

2. Install Nextflow:

    ```bash
    curl -s https://get.nextflow.io | bash
    ```

### Inputs

- **samplesheet.txt**: Plain text file with one sample ID per line.
- **data/**: Directory containing input files named `<sample_id>.txt` for each sample.

Example `samplesheet.txt`:
```
sample1
sample2
```

Example `data/` directory:
```
data/
├── sample1.txt
└── sample2.txt
```

### How to run

Run the workflow with default parameters:

```bash
nextflow run main.nf
```

To specify custom input locations:

```bash
nextflow run main.nf --samplesheet your_samplesheet.txt --input_dir your_data_dir --outdir your_results_dir
```

### Configuration

This pipeline can be run with either `conda`, `docker`, or `singularity`, with `singularity` as the default. To change to `conda` mode, run using the `-profile conda` option. To change to docker mode, run using the `-profile docker` option. 

You can enable or disable specific steps using parameters:

```groovy
    run_lines = true
    run_words = true
    run_aggregate = true
```

Or use the provided parameter json files `params-minimal.json` or `params.json`. 

### Outputs

- Per-sample summary files: `results/<sample_id>.summary`
- Aggregated summary table: `results/aggregate-summary.tsv`
- Cowpy output file: `results/cowpy-output.txt`
- Pipeline info reports: `results/pipeline_info/` (timeline, report, trace, dag)
   - To enable reports, use the `--with-report`, `--with-timeline`, `--with-trace`, and `--with-dag` options.
