hello-nextflow-simple/README.md, before:

## README for hello-nextflow-simple

This is the repo for our tool hello-nextflow-simple! This tool takes a CSV of greetings, converts them to upper case and saves each greeting as its own text file.

```mermaid
flowchart TB
    subgraph " "
    subgraph params
    v0["greeting"]
    v4["batch"]
    end
    v2([sayHello])
    v3([convertToUpper])
    v5([collectGreetings])
    v0 --> v2
    v2 --> v3
    v3 --> v5
    v4 --> v5
    end
```

### Installation

There are no additional installation requirements other than nextflow. To install nextflow, 

1. first check that you have java 17 or higher

```bash
java -version
```

2. enter this command in your terminal

```bash
curl -s https://get.nextflow.io | bash
```

### Inputs

The CSV of greetings must be formatted with one greeting per line. This is a single column CSV. Example below:

```
Hello
Bonjour
Nihao
```

Do NOT put the greetings as separate columns:

```
Hello, Bonjour, Nihao
```

### How to run

You can run this on the default demo data using the command `nextflow run main.nf`. If you would like to supply your own csv of gretings you can run this using the command `nextflow run main.nf --greeting your-csv.csv`

Commit message:

reorganized topics
* Reorganized markdown documents
* 6 main topics
* renamed main.nf to hello-nextflow-simple.nf

hello-nextflow-simple/README.md, after:

## README for hello-nextflow-simple

This is the repo for our tool hello-nextflow-simple! This tool takes a CSV of greetings, converts them to upper case and saves each greeting as its own text file. For each greeting in the CSV, this workflow will generate a greeting-output.txt file and an UPPER-greeting-output.txt file. 

```mermaid
flowchart TB
    subgraph " "
    subgraph params
    v0["greeting"]
    v4["batch"]
    end
    v2([sayHello])
    v3([convertToUpper])
    v5([collectGreetings])
    v0 --> v2
    v2 --> v3
    v3 --> v5
    v4 --> v5
    end
```

### Installation

There are no additional installation requirements other than nextflow. To install nextflow, 

1. first check that you have java 17 or higher

```bash
java -version
```

2. enter this command in your terminal

```bash
curl -s https://get.nextflow.io | bash
```

### Inputs

The CSV of greetings must be formatted with one greeting per line. This is a single column CSV. Example below:

```
Hello
Bonjour
Nihao
```

Do NOT put the greetings as separate columns:

```
Hello, Bonjour, Nihao
```

### How to run

You can run this on the default demo data using the command `nextflow run hello-nextflow-simple.nf`. If you would like to supply your own csv of gretings you can run this using the command `nextflow run hello-nextflow-simple.nf --greeting your-csv.csv`
